README.md, before:

# 1Dslab_multiphysic_analytical_benchmark
Validation of Greisheimer and Kooreman Analytical Benchmark from PHYSOR 2022

This repository aims to use Cardinal to benchmark against a Greisheimer and Kooreman paper, "Analytical Benchmark Solution for 1D Neutron Transport Coupled with Themral Conduction and Material Expansion." (2022).

The a PDF of the paper is included in this repository.

The subdirectories with numbers correspond to the number of x elements in each
simulation. The test_tracks directory is for verifying the S2 patch is as expected.

# In order to run the simulation
## create the OpenMC XML files for Cardinal
`python make_openmc_model.py`
## Generate the mesh
`~/cardinal/cardinal-opt -i mesh.i --mesh-only`
## run cardinal simulation using (optional) mpi paralellism and openmp parallelism from either of the following commands
### entire simulation
`mpiexec -np 4 ~/cardinal/cardinal-opt -i solid.i --n-threads=10`
### just openmc subapp
`mpiexec -np 4 ~/cardinal/cardinal-opt -i openmc.i --n-threads=10`

Commit message:

cleanup of top level directory, as well as updating README to better explain current structure

README.md, after:

# 1Dslab_multiphysic_analytical_benchmark

Validation of Greisheimer and Kooreman Analytical Benchmark from PHYSOR 2022

This repository aims to use Cardinal to benchmark against a Greisheimer and Kooreman paper, "Analytical Benchmark Solution for 1D Neutron Transport Coupled with Themral Conduction and Material Expansion." (2022).

The a PDF of the paper is included in this repository.

# There are various subdirectories for the cases as well as some other important aspects
* The subdirectories with numbers correspond to each case with the directory number of x-elements in the mesh. The neutronics and MOOSE meshes have the same dimensions.
* The `test_tracks` directory is for verifying the particle tracks are obeying the S2 patch as expected (i.e. only move in the +/- x direction).
* The `test` directory was used to verify an OpenMC error related to this GitHub [Issue](https://github.com/openmc-dev/openmc/issues/2296) that was experienced when setting up this simulation.
* The `inactve_study` directory has the capability to examine Shannon entropy and make decisions about the convergence of the fission source and number of required inactive batches.
* The `visualization` directory is used for post processing results into plots for the paper
